# Atlantis
"Listen…to a tale which, though strange, is certainly true…" 

Thus begins the story of Atlantis. Told by Plato around 360 B.C., the cataclysm of the utopian civilization, known for its naval power and incredible wealth, remains a popular story even 2,300 years after its inception. In Plato's tale, Atlantis was an island civilization far ahead its time. Founded by the god of the seas, Poseidon, its inhabitants were half-god and half-human. The epitome of divine morality and goodness, these people crafted a city that emanated wealth and elegance from its gardens, aqueducts, silver and gold coated walls, bridges, canals, and a capital building so beautiful and grand it was the marvel of all creations. The docks were full of triremes and naval vessels. Riches from nameless and distant foreign lands funneled into the city's ports. Atlantis was a civilization of the sea. Yet as the 'divine nature' faded from its inhabitants, greed, pettiness, and moral corruption took its place. Angered by this, Zeus called the gods together to summon destruction over Atlantis. During 'one terrible day and night of misfortune', the ancient civilization was leveled by earthquakes and swept into the sea.  

The legend of Atlantis is largely a moral one of greed and divine punishment. Plato's unclear narrative leaves its location a mystery. Some argue Atlantis was a metaphorical tale describing the destruction of the Minoan civilization on the island of Crete while others speculate it records the volcanic eruption on the island of Santorini in the Aegean sea near Greece. Modern theories have placed Atlantis in locations all over globe. Wherever there is sea, Atlantis could have been. Whether Plato's account of Atlantis is truth or mythical fiction remains a topic in hot debate. For all we know, the story of Atlantis remains as mercurial as the waves beneath which it was concealed.
